and here is the next dress
mess around with very wide sleeves
and the elevator itself is also going to
assembly
and the pattern here is the pattern you make
by their standards every woman or
the girl should make a pattern on her own
to standards the basic basis and then we
we cut off also the necessary distance from
shelves from sleep glasses and sleeves like me
just told in the previous one
video clip
narrow sleeves and now our task
make this dress wide and pick
his gum now we will do
let's say we'll do it
top up hold through the high point
chest one and the other side here
so far, who is also on the
taxiing spend like this to
make a sliding
and sleep glasses in the same way
that's the way now since we
there is
chest tuck we have to center
cut in this place she is with us
will open in this place
fully open too close
woman's solution
Every woman on his gr bait does
tuck solution not tired to talk
because everyone is mine
features are individual and here
see we pro simulated tuck
this is our main chest revealed
and the top and make another ray
cut and we get this
breakout here we can push apart
our bodice to gather
after it on the gum now
youtube will take me up my sleeve now
sleeve dissecting just as well
see this part we connect with
this part with the bottom except
the sleeve we push apart exactly
how much your
that is, if you want
Magnificent do magnificent match his pulls
also marina now we push well
move apart a centimeter and 4 at all if
you learn to sew and take the first steps
of course do everything on trial glasses
let all the old duvet covers and
pillowcase all that is required to release something
you use it all to
learn to
perfect sew for still give advice not
hurry up the most important thing is to understand the cut and
be very careful about processing
products then do it neatly if you
get used to the accuracy of the speed you have
will appear
imperceptibly that is, you will do
neatly plus everything else quickly
and to the work that girls are that
how horrible it makes me convinced because
what were my courses doing faster
faster and here is the answer and here
satisfaction of your work
work will not try to get
so that you have everything well and so everything
Here these are they should be considered
when cutting fabric
that is, we and cricket are their sections
acre izba
clearly a pair of shifted lines that is already
wide in order to subsequently us
collect on 2 rezinochki wider rather
on a line and collect it this line for
order in the same way on
sleeve
Now we will see it like this
here when with sewn together here
the details we will have here it is stitched here
Here it is around the line
the car is two rows and
under the bottom still make one line if
you make one line to the second pair
thread and do bad will you have with
dead ca
the item is processed
if you make one line as
millimeter 3 another yes even wide
stitch and even if both threads pull
at the same time you have in this place
get a very beautiful assembly on
this I am finishing the video lesson with you all
good luck to you next meetings
there was a tatyana lair